# Telus_Data_Science
Data Science solution 

Pre-Requisite:
One need to install some required packages to run this code. The step to perform the installation is:

**pip3 install pandas**
**pip3 install wikipedia-api**
**pip3 install beautifulsoup4**

1.## telus_task1_submission.py:  
This file contains the solution for Task1. To run this program one need to run the following command through terminal:

**python3 telus_task1_submission.py**

Output: The output of this file will be stored in the same location named: 'Canadian_Company_Details-_DateTime_.csv'. _DateTime_ has been appended to the last of the file name so that, for multiple run the files do not get replaced.

2.## telus_task2_submission.py:
This file contains the solution for Task2. To run the program one need to pass two argument: filepath generated by task1 and the list of words. Please see below for the required command:

**python3 telus_task2_submission.py 'Canadian_Company_Details-_DateTime_.csv' "[Manulife,Royal]"**

Please replace the filename with the original filepath while running the actual code. The third argument is the list of words which will be passed in this format: "[word_1,word_2,word_3,...,word_n]". The code will parse this format and take each word and find the most closest matched company name.

Output: The output of this program will be saved in a csv file consists of two columns. One is the user inputted word, another is the closest matched company name. The name of the csv file will be Task2_Output-_DateTime_.csv. Here also, _DateTime_ has been appended to the last of the file name so that, for multiple run the files do not get replaced.
